Descriptions for technologies (#460)
PastVu/pastvu: README.md

## Technology

> The project is built using JavaScript stack containing components:
> * [MongoDB](https://www.mongodb.com/) as data storage for main database,
> * [Redis](https://redis.io/) as cache,
> * [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) as JavaScript server enviroment,
> * [Express](https://expressjs.com) for node.js web applications,
> * [Socket.IO](https://socket.io/) as runtime client-server communication,
> * [Pug](https://pugjs.org) as clientside UI components,
> * [Knockout](https://knockoutjs.com/) as Model-View-View-Model library and
> * [Leaflet](https://leafletjs.com/) for interactive maps.

Reviewer: Предлагаю сформулировать так:

The project is built using JavaScript stack containing components:
* [MongoDB](https://www.mongodb.com/) database and [Redis](https://redis.io/) for runtime data storage
* [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) with [Express](https://expressjs.com) web application framework at back-end
* [Socket.IO](https://socket.io/) provides realtime client-server communication
* [Pug](https://pugjs.org) is a template engine
* [Knockout](https://knockoutjs.com/) client-side library is implementing MVVM architecture pattern
* [Leaflet](https://leafletjs.com/) is used for maps display and interaction

Other dependencies can be found at package.json and `public/js/lib/`.

```suggestion
The project is built using JavaScript stack containing components:
* [MongoDB](https://www.mongodb.com/) database and [Redis](https://redis.io/) for runtime data storage
* [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) with [Express](https://expressjs.com) web application framework at back-end
* [Socket.IO](https://socket.io/) provides realtime client-server communication
* [Pug](https://pugjs.org) is a template engine
* [Knockout](https://knockoutjs.com/) client-side library is implementing MVVM architecture pattern
* [Leaflet](https://leafletjs.com/) is used for maps display and interaction

Other dependencies can be found at package.json and `public/js/lib/`.
```
